Let's do this a bit of a neat freak you don't say
So last time we discussed how God created us to live forever which raises the question. Why do we die?
totally
Totally what
No, like I mean, I totally agree. That's what we talked about. Oh
Right
Let's open to Romans 5 verse 12
Wait, why don't I read it out loud so we can both enjoy it? That is why
Just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin and
So death spread to all men because they had all sinned
Okay, hold it is Adam the one man
Exactly
This doesn't make sense
You said Adam was perfect. It wouldn't die. That's right
But then he sins and loses that
So what's that got to do with me? I die because he's stupid. Well
Maybe not how I would have put it
Maybe we can think of it this way when
When parents with a severe genetic defect have children what happens?
Usually the kids inherit it precisely
When Adam sinned that sin became like a genetic defect that caused sickness, aging and death
And since we're all his children. Oh
Brilliant I
Get it
Why don't we watch a little video that helps put it all together?